# Agile
Our project and web application is called Agile, quite fittingly, as we will explain. We also consider our team, The Tommy Bahamas, quite agile. We quickly determined that meeting briefly after each class would be effective, like a scrum (though under the circumstances not as frequent as scrum). During the first class, we agreed to each come up with proposals that we would review during our first meeting (after the second class). At this initial meeting, we discussed four ideas including a time tracker for tourists, a post-requisite courses finder for SFU students, an interactive gift card center and an employer reference site. We discussed and evaluated each for API applicability as well as usefulness, creativity and ease of use and development.  While we could have stuck with one of those ideas, we decided to be agile and take another week to brainstorm before choosing a project. This left us only a week to prepare our project proposal for the customer, so we divided up the proposal writing and editing to prepare this specific document. More agility was recognized as we were successful at building on previous ideas while also being able to let the original ones go. Finally, even with missing one of our teammates during the project selection meeting, we were able to collectively choose a project using in-person and online communication.  Using collaboration tools such as Slack and Google Drive we could share information and communicate effectively during the selection process. We shared other ideas such as a Rally Racer application that included posting photos at checkpoints and competing with friends and the public. We also considered further how a post-requisite finder could be implemented, if it was feasible to implement with the time given, and if it solved the problem better than anything currently on the market. Ultimately, the application we selected creates virtual tracks of your actual outdoor running circuits and turns them into real graphical territories based on geolocation positioning. It was spun from different online .io games such as slither.io or paper.io, and focuses on using the Google Maps API.  More specifically, our Agile application is based on capturing territories represented as squares by running or jogging around in a circuit. To make the game more competitive, the user will be ranked according to how frequently they captured the territory as well as how much total territory they have accumulated and this data will be represented in leaderboards that is visible to all users. Additionally, users will also be able to invade captured territories by running around a larger circuit that includes the captured area, or capture parts of territories by enclosing a part of someone else’s territory in their own new area.  Along the way we came up with many features to think about in future iterations including making popular areas difficult to capture or invade, teaming up with other users to capture a territory will make it harder for other users to invade, and also viewing fitness stats based on all the exercise the user has done. Other “epics” may come from the use of other APIs (in addition to Google Maps) that we are considering to incorporate in Agile such as Google Fit REST API.
